Add INSTRUMENT to cli args for mosviz niriss (#1488)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Mosviz
^^^^^^

> - Added 'INSTRUMENT' CLI keyword to support NIRISS data loading [#1488]

Reviewer: Python is case-sensitive.
```suggestion
- Added ``--instrument`` CLI option to support NIRISS data loading in Mosviz. [#1488]
```
